[Doc] - Meshery installation documentation update (#6857)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/reference/troubleshooting/installation.md

    Situation: Unable to start Meshery Server with `make run-local` due to error of `key/value size is invalid`

## Setting up Meshery using Kind or Minikube

> The difficulty with Minikube and Kind clusters is that they typically don't have a loadbalancer, whereas Meshery gives its users complete control over how networking is configured. As a result, networking for these deployments is more complex. Few of the alternatives are:

Reviewer: If "loadbalancer" in this sense refers to the Kubernetes construct, please capitalize the "L" and "B".

> The difficulty with Minikube and Kind clusters is that they typically don't have a LoadBalancer, whereas Meshery gives its users complete control over how networking is configured. As a result, networking for these deployments is more complex. Few of the alternatives are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difficulty with Minikube and Kind clusters is that they typically don't support LoadBalancer service networking by default. Meshery UI and Meshery Broker are configured for LoadBalancer service networking by default. There are a number of solutions this overcoming this challenge. Here are a few methods:
```

1. Use the MetalLB minikube add-on that provides load balancing. `minikube addons enable metallb`

    MetalLB setup: [link](https://kubebyexample.com/learning-paths/metallb/install)

2. Use minikube tunnel to expose services. `minikube tunnel`. 

    Docs: [link](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/handbook/accessing/#using-minikube-tunnel)

>     A more simple way to resolve this issue can be `port-forwarding`. Run the following command in terminal:

Reviewer: "more simple" change to "simpler"

    `kubectl port-forward service/meshery 9081:9081 -n meshery`

> 3. For `kind`, I prefer installing MetalLB with a custom configmap.

Reviewer: Let's avoid first-person statements in Meshery Docs, using active voice instead; e.g. "You can install MetalLB with a custom ConfigMap".
